of what, 47 to Christie's on the Fred Cooks sale.
Place 77 to be from Baltimore.
That could be Horowitz.
[Auctioner speaking.]
$34,000.
$58,000.
[Auctioner speaking.]
Not fifty-nine, five hundred dollars, five hundred dollars
Law number 60, $150 here, $150, $180, $220, $250, $250, $250, $250, $250, $250, $250, $600, $600
Block 61, $600 for these, $600 for this.
$1,000 for $1,000 for this.
Block 62.
$2,000, $2,000, $2,000, $2,000, $2,000, $2,000, $2,000, $2,800, $3,000, $3,000, $3,500, $3,800, $4,000, $2,000.
lock number 63
$2,000 means $2,000.
$4,200.
Lot 64, $800, $870, $930, $1,000, $1,000, $1,000, $1,300, $1,300, $1,500, $1,500, $1,500, $1,500, $1,500, $1,500, $1,500, $1,500.
and 950
Lot 66, 3,000 of those, several throughout their report, it's later, 3,000, 8,000, 8,000, 8,000, 8,000, 8,000, 8,000, 8,000, 8,000, 8,000,
Just a minute.
78.
$200.
$500.
Thank you.
Lot number 83.
And I would say 20,000 dollars.
Lot number 20,000 dollars, 22,000, 25,000, 28,000.
$28,000, $30,000, $32,000, $35,000, $38,000, $38,000, $38,000, $38,000, $40,000, $42,000, $45,000, $45,000, $45,000
I want to.
Thank you.
102, Marcel Cruz, $3,000 for this number, $3,000 for the manuscript federal number of officers, $3,200, $3,800, $4,200, $4,200, $4,200, $4,200
$3,000 for this, $3,200, $3,500, $3,800, $4,000, $4,200, $4,200, $4,200.
I'm interested in this, $2,000.
That's $2,000, I'm starting with $2,000.
It would be $2,000, 22 of them, 25.
$2,500 here, which means $2,500, $2,500.
And $2,500, $2,500, $2,500, $2,500.
$15,000.
I got three
$9,000.
6,500, $6,500.
It's down to 500.
On my left aisle, it's down to 500.
625.
I don't agree.
Well, 1.5, the cordo, 123,000 pounds.
1.5.
15,000, please.
15,000.
Here are $18,000, $18,000, $19,000, $20,000, $22,000, $40,000, $38,000, $30,000, $32,000, $35,000, $35,000.
Here are $35,000.
$35,000.
$38,000.
Lot 1, Lot 116, Christina Rosetti, Lot 116, $1,500, $1,500, $1,800, $2,000, $2,000, $2,500, $2,800, $3,000, $3,200, $3,500, $3,500, $3,500
$1,000, $2,000, $2,500, $4,500, $4,500, $7,000.
$4,000.
$4,200.
$4,245.
$4,800.
$5,000.
$5,500.
$6,000.
6,000 volts on the colour phone, far less at 6,000 volts.
It's against the rule, 6,000 volts on the colour phone.
6,000 volts.
1, 7, 0, 9.
0, 5, 17, 0, 5.
Those are 1, 2, 1, 9, 4.
Well, 7,000 dollars to this, 7,000 dollars, 3,500, 8,000, they've got 9,000, 5,000, 10,000 dollars, 10,000 dollars, 10,000 dollars, 10,000 dollars, 10,000 dollars, 10,000 dollars, 10,000 dollars, 10,000 dollars, 10,000 dollars, 10,000 dollars, 10,000 dollars, 10,000 dollars, 10,000 dollars, 10,000 dollars, 10,000 dollars, 10,000 dollars, 10,000 dollars.
15,000 dollars.
15,000.
I'm sorry.
16,000.
16,000 dollars on the telephone.
17,000 in the room.
18,000 on the telephone.
19,000 in the room.
20,000 on the telephone.
And 2,000 in the room.
34,000.
36,000.
32,000.
34,000.
36,000.
Would you like that?
$38,000.
$1704.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
$6,000 against your property.
$5,000.
$7,000.
$3,500.
$8,000.
$85,000.
$9,000.
$95,000.
$10,000.
$11,000.
$12,000.
$13,000.
$13,000 on the cell phone.
1701.
Thank you very much indeed.
Lock 122.
$1,000.
$1,200.
$1,400.
$1,600.
$1,800.
Lot 123.
202.320.
Lot 124, 2,500 dollars has been on this, then 2,506.
And 2,500 dollars has been here at 2,005, and 2,005 dollars.
1024.
Not 125, the cruise, the ship, the gala, lots of it, I had three bits, and very close together, $1,500 is my bit, so $1,500, $1,600 now, $1,700, $1,800, $1,900, $2,000, $2,200, $2,400, $2,600, $2,600, $2,800.
3,000, 32,000, 34,000, 36,000, 38,000, 4,000, 42,000, 45,000.
Don't get it, 48,000.
48,000 dollars, 5,000, 5,500.
5,500, that's 5,500, 6,000, 6,500.
$6,500.
On my right, $6,500.
$7,500.
On my right, $7,500.
And $7,500.
Lots of...
One, two, six.
$150, $150, $150, $150, $150, $150, $170, $180, $200, and $20, $230, $240, $250, at the back $250 there.
Andrew Schett wrote, $1,500 for this, $1,500, $1,800, $2,000, $225,000, $2,800, $3,000, $3,000, $3,000, $235,000, $3,800, $4,000, $4,000, $4,000, $5,500, $6,000, $6,000
Longer again, 556.
Not 128, the two self-ported characters, 353, 350, 350, 38, 420, 470, 480, 550, 550, 550, 550, 550, 550, 550, 550.
What, um, 129, thorough letter, not 129, um, $4,000 for this, $4,000, $4,200, $4,500, $4,800, $5,000, $5,000, $5,500, $5,500, $6,000, $6,000, $6,500, $7,000, $7,500, $8,000, $8,000, $8,000, $8,000, $8,000, $8,000, $8,000, $5,000, $5,000, $5,000.
$11,000.
lost 130, $3,500, $3,500, $4,000, $4,000, $4,000, $4,000, $4,000, $4,000.
$3,000, $3,000, $3,000, $3,500, $3,500, $3,500, $3,500, $5,000.
Thank you very much.
Yes.
Lot 132, starting next.
5,000 rolls, it says on this 5,000, 5,500, 6,000, 5,500, 7,000, 7,500, 8,000, it's with me in this 1,000, not 8,000, 8,500, 9,000, 9,000, 10,000, 11,000, 11,000 rolls, with me in the 10,000 rolls.
At 11,000 dollars, this would be at 11,000 dollars.
At 11,000 dollars, 11,000 dollars.
Two more, 11,000 dollars, 101.7.
Block 133, the 18 more draft letters by Paul Valadee, 800 dollars for him.
$1,800, $1,500, $1,000, $1,200, $1,400, $1,600, $1,800, $2,000, $2,000, $2,000, $3,000, $4,000, $4,000
$6,000, at the very back $6,000, $6,000, $6,000, $6,000, $6,000, $4,000.
$1,000 and $1,000 again.
$1,000 and $1,000.
With me at $1,000.
And $136.
$500 this time.
I have $7,750.
$7,58.
I have $7,900.
I have $900 with me at $900.
$900 against me, all $900.
That's $900 anymore.
Now, $138, $550, $650, $650, $650,
$630.
And $139.00.
$1,000.
Not 140 dual fan manuscripts.
It started at $10,000.
$10,000, $11,000, $12,000, $12,000, $13,000, $14,000, $15,000, $15,000, $15,000, $17,000, $18,000, $19,000, $20,000, $20,000, $21,000, and $21,000, $22,000, $23,000, $23,000, $24,000, $25,000, $25,000
$48,000, $29,000, $30,000, $32,000, $35,000, $38,000, $40,000, $42,000, $35,000.
$45,000.
Well, 141, the price has revisited, $1,500 less, $1,500, $1,800, $2,000, $3,000, $3,000, $4,000, $4,000, $4,000, $4,800, $4,800, $4,800
But, lot 142, the autograph manuscript will follow the volumes, lot 142.
Should we pay $50,000 for this?
$50,000?
$50,000.
$8,000, $85,000.
Here against you at $85,000, $85,000, $90,000 on the cell phone.
At $90,000, $95,000 against you on the cell phone.
$95,000.
At $95,000, $100,000 on the cell phone.
$100,000 on the cell phone.
At $100,000, the cell phone says $100,000 at $100,000.
Any more than $100,000?
The cell phone says $100,000 off.
Thank you very much.
Lot 143, .
Three bits on this now, $15,000, $15,000, $15,000, $15,000, $17,000, $17,000, $18,000, $18,000
uh
about 145.
$850, $950, $1,000, $1,000, $1,200, $1,200, $1,200, $1,400, $1,600, $1,800, $2,000.
At $2,000, $2,200, $2,400, $2,600, $2,600.
At $2,600, $2,600.
At $2,600.
I've got 146.
Let's probably direct it.
$2,000, $2,000, $2,200, $25,000, $28,000, $3,000, $3,000, $3,200, $3,500, $3,800, $4,000, $4,000, $4,000, $4,000
Not a lot of concern
$4,200.
$5,500.
$55.
Law 149, 512, 650, 650, 750, 850, 950, 1,000, 1,000, 1,200, 1,200, 1,200, 1,200, 1,200.
$1,300 now.
$1,400.
$4,500.
The material is quite fresh on the market and there's no enormous interest over here in
the french office generally i suppose probably wasn't him it must be the kind of well he uses uh mr wilmer that's for texas and lake often buys it in buys it in cars there's a big sale in paris to say you think he was trying this is just a guess yeah and there's also been a lot of a lot of material out this year the sales coming up there's more gene sales coming up there's martin
There's a Christie sale tomorrow.
I can't make tomorrow.
Yeah.
Well, I don't think I can give you a fee there, but I'll see you next week.
Yeah, good.
Okay, Nick.
Thank you very much.
Appreciate it.
Okay, take care.
We'll see you next week.
I'm talking to Nancy.
Thank you.
I know.
I've seen them this morning.
Oh, they're preparing.
Yeah, they're preparing.
That's right.
I don't know.
[Crowd murmuring.]
and it's
I'd love to
And then we'll be there where he is.
And then we try and keep talking, but we don't want to have, like, humination structure.
It's good.
That's right.
You're never going to write your book?
Yes, sir.
My editor asked me to say, you know, I said, you did.
Say you have your fine-sized brother around, but it depends on your money.
Why not?
I think they didn't post it.
Why are you going to do...
Please be scared, by the way.
Please keep inviting me.
One never knows who might need it.
Well, we don't have the interface quite regularly if we don't have a nice major set.
If only we have a major set, that helps build it.
Which is really fascinating.
I believe in that.
Well, we like to see that.
I'm doing a piece of regular.
You see where the New York Times exploded?
I've told people it was Christie's.
I mean, you read the first paragraph.
No, no, but the first paragraph is one of the... You have to read the first paragraph in the background.
It says that if you talk to Michael Ainsley, who's the president of the 70s, he'll say that if you want to film... That's a very interesting paragraph.
Yeah, if you want to film wine, you'll tell it to Christie's.
You know, if you talk to Charlie Oldstock, who's the chairman of Christie's, he will tell you if you want to sell books and sell them to the 70s.
I would say that on the record period.
Well, there's a French Coke sale, but... Well, I was happy to come off it, too, recently.
Well, right on the record period is so fresh from the market.
It's a little crazy.
Well, actually, fresh on the market actually means something else.
Fresh on the market means that it hasn't been seen for years and years and years.
No, of course not.
I mean, if you look at the provenance, you'll see that many of the items that are bought, they're all bought this decade.
Some of them recently is 1985 and 1985.
So, that involves saying that facetiously, of course.
I mean, he must be.
I don't think so.
Well, I'll say.
I'm sure it's an issue.
You know, do you know Steve Wasserman?
Yes, sir.
Yeah, you probably know more people than I do.
Hi, how are you?
Nice to see you.
Thank you.
Do you know Nick Bradford?
Very interesting.
Um, but it's, um, very sad.
I bet you have a few aces in the hall.
Sorry, that's the one thing I've never been to do.
We really did.
But it was an opportunity for getting good people.
You know, Nick is writing a book about a rotten book collector.
Are you going back?
Absolutely.
I try to be here.
I keep the paper and I never take the quarters.
I don't keep her running.
Do you ever turn?
I will.
uh...
Yes, I think we did.
Actually, I don't remember what I said because I don't have my favorite quarter running ever.
No, I'm sure you'll come up with it.
If I were you, I would have had my resignation on your desk that morning, that Monday morning.
The person who wrote that article was a very good friend of Mr. Elkhoff.
And he, at that point, Mr. Elkhoff actually took the Dotea manuscript sale in London.
So he knew that that
It's not exactly your yard yard.
It's a block yard.
I figured that it was somebody who had a bone.
I mean, I don't know what your wine department is like.
I don't know what your wine department is like.
I mean, you know, that was not, I know nothing about it, but I did know that both book departments are alive and well, at least I thought they were.
No, I wasn't.
Was it?
No.
Well, a lot of those things.
And a lot of collectors are doing this.
A lot of those people bought so recently that the prices are engraved in the people's heads.
And the collector wants it.
It's like that Rembrandt.
That was amazing.
Because that really has been bought two years ago.
Two years ago from a dealer.
You are insane.
And I hate to do that with investors because, you know, the investor invariably says to me, well, will this appreciate value?
And I've said, well, will your stockbroker tell you that this will appreciate value and guarantee anything?
No, no, no.
I hate that.
But co-workers have been buying very recently.
But also, I mean, obviously, Brett Kemp was by a very specialized experience, and he was mine.
Exactly.
He was mine.
Yeah.
He gave you a lot.
Yeah, I wouldn't do it now.
Well, she is... She might, but... In her background, she is...
Because the collection represents your house in a really tangible way.
Yes, they were.
They were.
They actually had discussions with a number of institutions about it.
Did you have a chat with
And where does that end?
It was interesting, they got close to one institution, and that institution really wanted the endowment to give them all their questions.
I mean, institutions are sometimes very sorry.
And everyone I've talked to, by the way, and this will be in the book, because, you know, where would we be without collectors?
Well, I mean, I think that's very, but not even where would we be without collectors.
Where would collectors be without great books to buy?
The collectors argue that they care for better than this is because
Well, there's a lot to be said to that.
And also, this is about somebody being bought and then hidden away forever.
It's kind of alarming, actually, because it's like the tubes of it, and end up, so many of them hidden away.
It's as though sometimes, when we hear about it in the press, it's as though
We've got a close-up or something.
We're going to bring the people.
Bye-bye.
Yes.
There's Kit Karey in here.
Do you know who Kit Karey is?
No.
That's his wife.
And she is one of the experts on Asian crafts.
All right.
Well, why don't you, I'm sorry.
Yes.
Well, you've got that great.
Curator.
We're here in Minnesota.
[Crowd murmuring.]
If I want to bid on a book at Monaco, what would I do?
I'm having a sale.
It's not something that simple.
It's not something that I'm going to buy for myself.
[Crowd murmuring.]
specifically what i want to talk about
Well, it is.
The last week of June, the first week of July, I'm going to be terminated, and I'm going to prepare a couple of lectures, one for next week and then one for the week after, and I'm really going to be.
But after that, I will be free after July.
So, give me a call.
My name is Nick.
Yeah.
I work by spelling much better.
I'm just starting the mortgage anyway.
How are you?
He keeps doing a book on here.
He gets into my American golden age.
I can tell you guys one question, how about your name?
Nicholas Parker has chosen a new one.
The preceding was a tape-recorded
Series of conversations at the reception at Sotheby's on Monday, June 11, 1990, for the Bradley Martin sale.
I just did an experiment tipping in my pocket.
One hopes that it came out well.
Bradley Martin, $130,000 is all working.
$150,000, $150,000, $170,000, $180,000, $180,000, $190,000, $230,000, $230,000, $240,000, $250,000.
That's $250,000.
That means $260,000.
That's $170,000.
That's $180,000.
That's $290,000.
That's $300,000.
On my left, that's $300,000.
Now, they have $300,000.
In any box, that's $300,000.
In the left aisle, that's $300,000 there.
And the thousand and thirty-one.
The last 3349 is Cicero.
I have $40,000 in the middle of this, $40,000 now.
I have $40,000 in the middle of this, $40,000 in the middle of this, $40,000 in the middle of this, $40,000 in the middle of this, $45,000 in the middle of this, $45,000 in the middle of this, $50,000 in the middle of this, $50,000 in the middle of this, $50,000 in the middle of this, $50,000 in the middle of this, $50,000 in the middle of this, $50,000 in the middle of this, $50,000 in the middle of this, $50,000 in the middle of this, $50,000 in the middle of this, $50,000 in the middle of this, $50,000 in the middle of this, $50,000 in the middle of this, $50,000 in the
That's $75,000.
That's $85,000.
But $85,000 still has been rising.
There's $85,000 in the center on the island at $85,000.
They're pointing out $85,000.
$85,000, and that's number 38.
Life number 3350 is coming together.
And $30,000, $30,000, $30,000, $30,000, $30,000, $35,000, $40,000, $40,000, $40,000, $40,000, $45,000.
$45,000.
$50,000.
$65,000.
$60,000.
$70,000.
$75,000.
$80,000 on the telephone.
$85,000 up here.
Then $85,000.
$90,000.
$90,000, $95,000 from the back now, $95,000.
$100,000 is up here now.
At $100,000 now, up front at $100,000.
At $105,000 on the silver.
At $110,000 up front.
At $110,000 now, $115,000 on the silver.
At $120,000 up front.
There are $120,125,000 now.
And $130,000 up front.
And $130,000, $135,000 up front.
$140,000 up front.
$140,000 into the room.
That's $140,000 up front in the room.
And $140,000 up front.
What I am going to do now is ...
351, Central, well, city 351, and I have $5,000 for only $5,000, $5,500.
Now we get $5,500.
$13,000 on the yard, $14,000.
At 14, $15,000 on my land, $16,000, $17,000.
And $17,000 is $17,000, $18,000 now.
At 18, $19,000.
At $19,000, say $20,000.
At $20,000, say $20,000.